Update ios-install.md (#8671)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/ios-install.md

    - VPN identifier = com.microsoft.scmx
    - In the key-value pairs, enter the key **AutoOnboard** and set the value to **True**.
    - Type of Automatic VPN = On-demand VPN

>     - Click **Add** for **On Demand Rules** and select **I want to do the following = Connec VPN**, **I want to restrict to = All domains**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Select **Add** for **On Demand Rules** and select **I want to do the following = Connect VPN**, **I want to restrict to = All domains**.
```

    - VPN identifier = com.microsoft.scmx
    - In the key-value pairs, enter the key **SilentOnboard** and set the value to **True**.
    - Type of Automatic VPN = On-demand VPN

>     - Select **Add** for **On Demand Rules** and select **I want to do the following = Connec VPN**, **I want to restrict to = All domains**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Select **Add** for **On Demand Rules** and select **I want to do the following = Connect VPN**, **I want to restrict to = All domains**.
```
